[Music]
every year on these sponsorships what
did you tell me sponsorships and your
channel mix they're no worse a bit
disappointing that's fire yeah
go on you can tell us I forego their car
I forgot what they're called but they um
they told me if they want just watch you
shoot me and I said no because oh you
don't want it you know be a sellout
right you just don't you want to be a
sellout I get on my own yeah yeah yes I
respect people like here do you know any
other youtubers at all like do you work
for any others hello I'm trying to talk
to a famous youtuber kids so please can
you zip it yeah thanks hey miss misty
was named Miss mixture
did you know any other youtubers as well
do I know any other yeah like you what
you talk to any others do you work with
many others do you touch it yeah just
talk yeah you don't matter like that my
scheme where anyone I know them you
haven't even spoken to balance me dude I
get that you don't want to talk to join
these people but that's kind of racist
mixed it hey hey hey Ryan did you know
that a mixtape here's a famous youtuber
hey it was a mixed mixture one one for
free
isn't that right now well if there was
the real Vic yeah oh yeah can you
confirm this to Ryan XK confirm that
you're the real one that you are the one
and only the problem with mixture is
that sometimes he thinks he's better
than us because he has more subscribers
and all no no 1 2 3
mixed up can you please lower your tone
of voice there buddy yeah he gets it he
gets to be out of place from times yeah
seems easier you know since the bee's
knees yeah you just guess you just gotta
give him a good one poke in the head
sometimes you know
yeah it's now right mixter what can you
please just tell me a bit more about you
eat you child so why did you start
YouTube
mixer mean know what my way you'd think
the song 400,000 subscribers you'd have
much better headphones mixed I'm still
have conspiracies about you buddy I
don't actually think you're an eg buddy
fixer wait
okay first off mixed I think don't have
that attitude with me okay I've been a
loyal subscriber for a long time and
you're not you're not like this in your
videos you're quite loud energetic but
you just being a little bit quiet to me
you know yeah mixed up yeah
why did you start YouTube cuz I can't
oh okay cool and what what what inspired
you though surely you know you something
must have inspired you who's your
inspiration on YouTube oh there you do
this oh yes a good answer we're gonna
say news reporters but I'm glad you said
youtubers yeah that we would have been
maybe you would have touched your
nipples or something okay mixer I really
okay cool going key can you give me a
full answers next thing like I came in
here you were doing your intro and you
were loud but like I feel like you're
just not comfortable around me and
that's the last few no one I want you to
be just comfortable around me no yeah
mixer okay mix it I want to become a
youtuber myself is there any tips you
could give me
yeah that's a good tip thanks thanks
mixer no but Sir Mick mix or did you
just tell me to hang on oh don't don't
make it wait no don't make me wait yeah
what I'm getting mixed about yeah okay
oh yeah in Troy I can't hear you yeah we
were not saying anything we'll be quiet
please
I just want to hear how the
professionals do it please hey guys my
trip back with another like a video
holy shit that's that's really good yeah
Jack and I can have a go at that real
quick and you could just rate me out of
10 yeah oh thanks I appreciate that okay
here I go you ready wait my Tino's xxx
spike a dog okay so and yeah okay okay
so yeah I'd appreciate it if you'd laugh
in my you can increasing my confidence
yeah just hold up okay right now hold up
guys let me just I want I want to do my
intro here I'm sorry to rate it okay
well what's up okay who's this exit ex
me like struggled over here yeah how was
that is that okay
yeah I said it
wait guys can I go now can I ever go now
yeah go ahead
okay so my channel name is rainbow 4069
I play a lot of my little pony on my
channel so we're here we go
this man show my little pony guys I have
another video
whoa
[Music]